added release note for base-select value for appearance property (#44427)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/149/index.md

  The [`@container`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/At-rules/@container) CSS at-rule supports [`style()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Guides/Containment/Container_size_and_style_queries#container_style_queries) queries. This allows you to check if a container has a valid CSS declaration, a CSS property, or a custom property, and apply styles to its children accordingly. ([Firefox bug 2014404](https://bugzil.la/2014404)).

- **base-select value for appearance CSS property**: `dom.select.customizable_select.enabled` and `layout.css.appearance-base.enabled`

>   The [`base-select`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/appearance#base-select) value for the {{cssxref("appearance")}} CSS property, only relevant only to the {{htmlelement("select")}} element and {{cssxref("::picker()", "::picker(select)")}} pseudo-element, allows you to fully style them. Currently only styling of the `<select>` element is supported and not `::picker(select)` pseudo-element. This feature is part of the [Customizable Select elements](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Extensions/Forms/Customizable_select) work and means that two flags need to be set. ([Firefox bug 1974787](https://bugzil.la/1974787)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The [`base-select`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Reference/Properties/appearance#base-select) value for the {{cssxref("appearance")}} CSS property, relevant only to the {{htmlelement("select")}} element and {{cssxref("::picker()", "::picker(select)")}} pseudo-element, allows you to fully style them. Currently only styling of the `<select>` element is supported. Styling of the `::picker(select)` pseudo-element will be added in future versions. This feature is part of the [Customizable Select elements](/en-US/docs/Learn_web_development/Extensions/Forms/Customizable_select) work. Two preferences need be enabled to use it. ([Firefox bug 1974787](https://bugzil.la/1974787)).
```
